All right.
Now let's look at the files that create re-act that are created for us.
Our only objective this time will be to check out these files so let's get started.
OK.
We're back in our cloud nine workspace and if you remember before we created this re-act directory all
open that up and then take a look at what's gotten created here create re-act up created a package that
Jason for us.
And it also didn't NPM install to install all of our node modules.
So if we look in the modules folder here we can see all the dependencies already installed for application.
Let's take a look at the package.
Jason first
so in this file you can see all the dependencies far re-act up just like before we have reactor's a
dependency and react arm because we're using react in the browser.
And this third one reac scripts is the file that does all of the web configuration for us.
You'll notice that both react and react.
Or at version 15 point 6.1 at the time of the recording of this video re-act 16 is almost out.
It's very close.
So for most of the projects that we're going to do here I'm actually going to replace this with the
release candidate of Riak 16.
Just to make sure that everything is up to the latest and greatest version of react at the time of watching
this video you may not even have this version.
By the time you saw your app this might already be version 16 by default but in later videos we'll see
how to change this to the release candidate version 16 so that we can test out with the latest version
of react.
Now let's look in the public folder.
So the public folder contains files that don't go through the web pack build process so any file in
here will be delivered as is the one we care about right now.
Index page to.
So this file is the basis of our Web site it's the index page that will be delivered to the client and
the main thing here is that we have this div ID equals root.
So where does that thing come into play.
If we look in the source folder and open up index j s just like we saw before in that one page a shemale
file that didn't use create react up.
We need to react darm render in order to tell re-act where to attach the component to the DOM.
So right here we're using document I get only by id root and that root div that we just saw earlier
is the one that will attach a component called app to.
Now where does the app live.
Well in the same source folder we've got an app.
Yes.
And this is our app component.
It looks pretty similar to what we've seen before except for a couple of minor changes.
So we have this import syntax going on here which we'll learn more about in the next video.
And because we're importing component we no longer have to say re-act component.
We can just use component by itself.
Let's make a small change this file just to see it working.
I will open up the browser and check it out.
So
let's say hello world here instead for our Hello world.
If you've still got the app running in the terminal window you can just open this and preview again.
But assuming you don't you can just say NPM start
and then click on this link to open it up again using open in Preview.
Now keep in mind that when you create re-act app any change that you make is automatically picked up.
So you don't actually have to restart your server each time.
You can just leave NPM start running and the browser will refresh automatically.
One catch though is if you ever install any other packages using NPM install then you have to kill your
server and started up again.
So let's open this in the browser.
Actually before you do make sure your app Jasc file is saved because the changes won't get picked up
unless this files saved.
So I'll click on this link and say open in preview and then click this button here and voila.
We got our change Hello world.
All right next up we'll learn about the importance index.